# 2025-02-24

It seems as though this is not fixed at all and people are finally asking me to play games.

Today I would like to assess what's going on. The build system appears to be make + esbuild. There is documentation for how to obtain my Steam key, which is great.

I believe the issue is that I'm in the middle of some kind of database transition.

Also I have decided to switch to `pnpm` finally.

## Questions

### What is the versioning here?

It appears to be an absolute mess. Changes were made without bumping version, semver was not adhered to. I was never much of a fan of semver but that's because for a hobbiest like me, I don't care. Well, I didn't care.

Now it sucks for me.

From here on out, the version is going to be higher than 1.

### What about my old data?

I believe my archivers had a bug where useful data was thrown away for no reason. That being said, I don't think I ever archived anything *incorrect*. So it should be possible to migrate all of it into whatever the new data format is.

Once I've settled on a new data format, I think I should migrate it immediately so I never have to think of this again.

I will still leave the versioning at 2 as a good reminder to myself.

### How will I deal with disk usage?

I wanted to run frequent archives but I was worried that it would bloat. I think I have a way around this. I'm going to write the file out as a zstd archive and decompress and modify in-memory.

### Database Format

When I come back to this later, I'm going to have absolutely no idea what type of diffing scheme was going on, so here's the deal. The *actual data* in the database needs to look like a snapshot to me. If there's a little extra indirection, that's OK. I don't mind if two snapshots taken around the same time point to the same data (because they're the same).

I want some kind of *really fucking easy* way to tell what was going on in a snapshot. No delta time business or "oh, there was no snapshot data for this snapshot so I'll refer back to the previous one". To you, future me, I will make this obvious.

Also, don't hesitate to actually query the database and do some Node.js calculations. Just because it's technically faster to give the row to the database and let it decide what to do with a few triggers, doesn't mean it'll be easier to understand! If I'm going to do that, I want some good-ass documentation and some solid reasoning on why that was the better way.

## Observations

This code is written in a really strange object oriented style. I can see why, but I'm wondering if there's a better way. I'm not convinced by the `Config` class currently. `SteamApi` seems fine, except for the capitalization.
